Hey, don't worry.
I thought I was explaining this to you.
See how you can prove it.
Come on, come on, the seams on the inside of this bottle
Show obvious burn marks
What a forger!
Cleverly spliced imprints
Printed on a plain and inconspicuous place
So it's tough.
But there are traces
It is enough to prove that this Longquan celadon
It's fake you fart
Talk nonsense here
Prove that these antiques are fake
Then those treasure appraisal masters all eat dry rice
It's clearly two people messing around
It is. It is.
I can prove that this Longquan is real and indeed fake
Okay, okay, awesome.
Afterlife is dreadful, hahaha.
It turned out to be Master Shen, the president of Shen Chen Wuhan Association
Master Shen
You mean the lad is right?
This Longquan celadon is indeed fake
How about you?
But I misread the monk hahahaha
Thank me
Otherwise, I bought a counterfeit
Hey, I haven't finished speaking yet.
Although this Longquan celadon is fake
But an old man is really beautiful when he sees this